♪ Oh yeah ♪
♪ oh yeah ♪
♪ that gun is loaded ♪
♪ I know that I messed up
a few times ♪
Hey, is this epic or what?
Walk Off the Earth in their last
small-venue tour and I got
the hook-up for tickets.
Thank you. He's got so many best
friends, I can barely keep track.
♪ For this time only ♪
♪ is that what you really want ♪
♪ I can't see that I got
red hands ♪
♪ I'm colour blind singing ♪
♪ day-oh ♪
♪ don't put the blame on me,
child, the damn thing go wild ♪
- ♪ day-oh ♪
- ♪ never wanted to be fooling you ♪
♪ can't believe I was
wounding you ♪
♪ is that what
you really want ♪
♪ oh yeah ♪
♪ that gun is loaded ♪
(Audience clapping along)
♪ That gun is loaded ♪
oh, yeah!
Yeah!
(Cheering)
- Wow.
- Was that something or was that something?
We'll be right back.
I'm impressed. You're like
a rock star in your own right.
Seriously, do not get him
started, please.
No, get me started.
Definitely get me started.
- Is that you, Oz?
- Hey, Chad, what's going on?
What's going on? Great show,
guys. You guys were fantastic.
Thanks. My arm's doing good?
Beautiful Sandy, how are you?
A man with taste.
- Hey, it's Toby.
- How's it going?
- Tia.
- Tia. Nice to meet you, girl.
- Nice to meet you.
- Buddy, I'm gonna grab a beer.
Yeah. We'll totally hook up,
maybe have some beers, yeah.
- All right guys, see ya.
- Don't stop believin'. Yup. Right?
- That was my thrill for the evening.
- Wow. I feel dissed.
But you're my everyday thrill. Ok, I
have to get going. I've got a deadline.
Oh, you know what,
I will give you a drive.
- Right.
- Ok. Well, you liked the band, right?
You know me well enough to know
I mean what I say. Honesty is how I roll.
Sometimes being too honest is
not a great thing.
Spoken like a man desperately
clinging on to his commitment issues.
But don't worry. I'm playing
a long game.
And therefore, you have
no chance of beating me.
Yes. Hey, Tia.
Hey, let's do this.
Toby, have a good night.
Make sure Oz gets home.
He lives in my kitchen.
You know, I'll tell you something.
You got a good lady there.
Yeah. She doesn't know
what she has, though.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey. What are you guys
watching?
It's footage taken from
a secure warehouse in Vancouver.
All indications suggest that it's
tied to a string of robberies
- in Toronto.
- Wow, these guys are good.
They're walking through the security
systems like they don't even exist.
Yeah, and walked away with experimental
capacitors, microprocessors...
Most of the equipment
they've stolen has been
military high tech, not for sale
outside of north America.
Our theory is
they're moving it offshore.
Cross-referencing this robbery
with the Toronto ones,
I realized that these guys have
been working the west coast
for quite a while. I think
they might even be based there.
Which means they're working
nationwide.
Michelle, Toby, I'm sending you
to Vancouver.
Nice. Road trip.
Well, I'd describe it more as
hunting a highly organized
and highly dangerous gang of thieves,
but I suppose it's semantics.
Pack your bags. You're
on the 11 o'clock flight.
- Pick you up on the way to the airport.
- Mmm-hmm. You good?
Yeah, yeah. No, you guys go
on a road trip. That's cool.
Just leave me here,
slaving over a hot keyboard.
Come on. I'm gonna bring you
back something, all right?
Yeah. Don't tell me, though.
Salmon. Right?
The Listener 04x01
Blast from the Past
Original Air Date May 29, 2013
==sync, correction by dcdah==
for www.addic7ed.com
Sergeant McCluskey,
Special Consultant Logan,
it is so nice to meet you.
Constable Kathy Slocum.
Hey.
The rest of the office is
spread pretty thin, but I've
been assigned to assist you on
the Vancouver end of your case.
- Oh, cool.
- Sergeant, double shot cappuccino.
- Special Consultant, drip, black. Right.
- You can just call me Toby.
I've been following the successes of
your unit over the past couple of years.
You've taken on all the cases
everyone else gave up on,
and you busted
every single one of them.
I look forward
to seeing action with you.
I don't know how much action
we're gonna see,
but maybe we should just get
right down to it.
Ok, so the theft
that brought you here was
at the secure perimeter
warehousing facility.
The equipment stolen was
an advanced programmable
vibration amplification system.
Cutting edge, and specialized
in industrial and military
applications.
It's on the federal listing
for restricted tech.
Ok, well, we'll talk
to the supervisor ourselves.
Way ahead of you.
Supervisor's name, number,
and a map
to the location. We can be there
in under an hour.
Ok. I lived here before.
I know where that is.
You should stay here and
interface with Corporal Clark.
Oh. Sure.
But I warn you.
I'll take every opportunity
to observe your methods.
I really want to get
inside your heads.
That's usually my line.
That's good.
Um, thank you.
We warehouse for the top names
in industry and technology.
We can't afford
to make a mistake.
There was no fault at our end.
Well, this robbery proves
that that's not true.
We've got five different
security systems
they walked through
to get into that warehouse.
They somehow got access
to keypad codes,
magnetic access cards,
proximity readers.
Who showed up
on the access log?
The system said it was
our head of security,
Avi Calder. He was on vacation
at the time of the robbery.
- You've checked him out?
- He's worked here
over 20 years.
He's above reproach.
- We're still gonna have to clear him.
- We're gonna need a list
of every employee that was hired
within the last six months.
Also an itemized list
of every stolen good.
I can get that in a day or two.
They don't know... can't
find out... other thefts...
Microwave transformer...
Can't find out... fire me...
You're sure it was only
a relay system they stole?
I'll do an inventory, but
that's all that was reported.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I have to get back to work.
He's hiding something.
I heard him thinking
about a microwave transformer.
It's not the first theft.
I'll get Dev to look into it.
You got the better
of the smartest criminal
in the country.
Yeah, well, I guess people are
sometimes too smart for their own good.
Hey, Toby, Michelle. Good timing.
- What do you have for us?
- I ran the employee records
for secure perimeter warehousing and
I think I may have found our mole.
A night janitorial staff member
goes by the name Frank Dorian.
He was hired three weeks before the robbery
and hasn't been seen since the hit.
A facial recognition search
at the ministry of transport
gave us his real name,
which is...
Dan Goodwin. He did a good job
creating his fake identity, though.
The company's own security
would never have caught it.
He must have some skills.
Yeah, he's a computer
programmer. He worked at a place
called Excelcorp
for the last five years.
It's a design firm.
He quit a few months ago.
He also traveled to Toronto
three times this month,
each visit corresponding with one
of the high tech thefts out there.
All right, so Dan poses
as a night janitor
and no one thinks twice
about him having access
all night
to the company's computers.
- Exactly.
- Any criminal history?
He was arrested at a peace
rally about a year ago
but that's a long walk from a theft of
this magnitude.
Do we have an address?
1212 Dunbar.
I already have somebody
camped outside the apartment
in case he shows up.
Ok, we'll head over there now.
Meanwhile, Kathy and I will
look further into Mr. Goodwin.
It's like we're partners.
Totes. Partners.
So, when was the last time
you saw him?
Maybe a week.
What's he done, anyway?
How well did you know him?
Been here six months.
Pays his rent.
Has people over
for some kinda meeting.
- I kinda got a feeling about him.
- Hey, Michelle, check this out.
Lots of literature here
from different activist groups...
anti-war, culture jamming,
economic boycotts.
Did he ever talk to you
about political agendas?
Another tenant said
he went on peace marches,
that kind of thing.
Bound to get into trouble.
So, why does a guy go
from peace marches
to stealing high-tech
electronics?
(Michelle): - Hey.
- So, Dev,
I heard the supervisor thinking about other
thefts and the term "microwave transformer".
There was an American busted
last year trying to ship
experimental microwave
transformers into North Korea.
So, this could confirm
our suspicion they're exporting
- sensitive tech.
- We need to find Dan Goodwin.
Now.
IIB.
We need to speak to the manager
of one of your ex-employees,
- Dan Goodwin.
- Sure.
Someone here is gonna know
what Dan Goodwin was into.
Yeah, or this was one of the
companies that they infiltrated.
Yeah.
Lori?
Toby.
- You two know each other.
- Yeah.
Michelle, this is Lori Black. We
knew each other a long time ago.
- They said it was the IIB.
- It is.
This is Sergeant McCluskey,
and we're gonna ask you
a few questions about
a former employee,
- Dan Goodwin.
- Why?
We believe he was involved
in a series of robberies.
That's not Dan.
He's a good guy.
Well, we have reason
to believe otherwise,
so we're gonna need
to ask him some questions.
He hasn't worked here
for a few months,
and I don't know
what I can tell you.
- What'd he do here?
- He was a programmer.
Most of his work was
with electronic
interface controls.
Excuse me, I'm just having
a hard time processing this.
You being with the police.
Yeah. Um, things change.
Dan was helping people break
into secure locations.
Do you know if he had any
money problems?
I know his family was having
troubles when he came here,
but I heard he worked his way
through that.
When we searched
his apartment, we found
literature from various activist groups. Do
you know which ones he was involved with?
Uh, I didn't know Dan
very well.
When he left
Excelcorp, he said it was because
he wanted to make a difference.
- Some people have ideals.
- Any idea where he is now?
No. I Haven't talked to him
- since he left the company.
- So that's it? That's all you know?
Well, I'm sure you'd tell me
if it wasn't.
I'm afraid I can't help you.
So, if you'll excuse me,
- I have to get back to work.
- Ok, Lori... you look good.
It was good to see you. I'm
happy to know that you're ok.
What the hell was that?
We were together when I was younger.
It didn't end great.
- Ah. Your fault?
- I was in a bad place, ok?
I didn't know how
to control the gift,
and peoples' thoughts were
always bombarding me.
- Including hers?
- Yeah.
And it was hard because she felt
like I was always spying on her.
- So, she knew?
- Yeah. She was the first girlfriend I told.
Wow. Was she telling the truth when she
said she didn't know where Dan was?
- She seemed to be.
- What do you mean, "Seemed to be"?
- I didn't read her.
- Ok, maybe you trust that girl,
but from where I was standing,
it looks like she still has
some pretty serious issues with you.
I trust her, Michelle.
(Elevator ding)
I've been working my way
through the literature you found
in Dan Goodwin's apartment.
So far, nobody's admitted
a connection to him.
Yeah, but
I looked at his banking records
and he made regular monthly
contributions to a group
called Action Direct.
- Ties to illegal activities?
- Well, I...
As far as we can tell,
they're just about raising
the social consciousness
of the community.
Let's see what they raised
in Dan Goodwin.
Let's go.
Hardly looks like a front
for illegal tech sales.
Well, you should know more than
anybody that looks can be deceiving.
- Hi. I'm Edgar. How can I help you?
- We're with the IIB.
We want to ask you a few questions about
one of your members. Dan Goodwin.
I'm afraid
I don't know the name.
Really? Because he was
a regular contributor
to your organization
for the last few years.
We have
over a thousand contributors.
I can't expect
to know all of them.
Those people are dangerous.
What are you talking about?
They're actually
doing something! We're handing out
pamphlets. This isn't going to do anything!
Well, we have reports that he
worked here in the office with you,
and that you two didn't
get along.
Who told you that?
What's important is that
you tell us the truth.
There's evidence that he's involved
in thefts of restricted electronics.
He didn't feel as if what we were doing
here was making enough of a difference,
and there were other people who
offered quick fixes.
What people?
He'd been approached by a group
called Economic Justice Awareness.
Right. They're the ones that
burned down the police vehicles
during the G20 riots
a few years ago.
They've been suspected
in a number of other actions.
I told Dan extreme actions
isn't the way to effect change.
- So they approached him.
- Yeah, they work the shadows,
meet people at peace marches, recruit
the ones who can forward their agenda.
Do you know anyone else
from the organization?
I know nothing more about them
and I don't want to know.
Please excuse me.
- Thanks.
- Thank you.
Dev, we might have a lead as to
who Goodwin was working with.
I need you to find out whatever you can
about a group called
Economic Justice Awareness.
Yeah, I've heard some
chatter about them.
Rumours are they're
ramping up their actions.
Or they could be selling this stuff
to fund an extreme activist group.
Yeah, or they're using
the tech for a specific purpose.
I'm going to scrutinize the list
of the stolen items
a little bit further and see
what they could add up to.
All right, well, get Kathy
to ask around Vancouver
And see if there's
any specific targets.
Ok, so that means I have
to call her, right?
Yeah. Do you have a problem
with that?
No. No. No. It's just she's
really, um... enthusiastic.
I remember when you used
to be enthusiastic.
Please. Oh, before you go,
I checked into Dan Goodwin's
phone records,
and although he left Excelcorp
a couple of months ago,
he's made 10 calls
to a supervisor there.
Her name is Lori Black.
We'll get back to you. So,
your old girlfriend lied to us.
- I'll have Kathy bring her in.
- No, no. I'll talk to her.
- Toby, she could be involved.
- I know what to do. Let me talk to her.
The minute you get the feeling she's
playing us, then we bring her in.
Hey.
What are you doing
back here?
You lied about being in
touch with Dan Goodwin.
I should have known you'd just walk
into my head and take what you wanted.
No, I didn't, Lori.
I wouldn't.
We looked at Dan's phone records.
We know that he was calling you.
We've got evidence
that Dan's involved
- with dangerous activists.
- You're lying.
He's not some kind
of terrorist.
The people he's involved with
are. He's in way over his head.
We need to find him
before he hurts someone
or he gets himself hurt.
His stepmom has a place
in Kitsilano.
That's where he was staying
when he called me last.
Promise me you're
not gonna hurt him.
We're not gonna hurt him.
We just want to talk to him.
He can help us.
Do you... do you ever
think about us?
Of course I do.
How could you just walk away
like that?
You packed up and left town.
You didn't even tell me
you were going.
Because I knew that you were
gonna ask me to stay.
I wouldn't have the strength
to say no.
- Was I so terrible?
- No.
You know, suddenly I would find
myself in someone else's head,
even yours,
seeing things
I should never see.
It was driving me crazy.
I was young.
If I didn't know how to deal
with it then,
then how could I have expected
you to deal with it?
Well...
I would have liked
the chance to try.
I'm sorry
how it all worked out.
I regret that I hurt you.
You seeing somebody now?
- Yeah.
- Does she know?
No.
(Dialing on cell phone)
Thank you.
Hey, Michelle. I'm following
a Dan Goodwin lead.
Call me back.
- What do you want?
- Hey, Dan, I'm a friend of Lori's.
- She told me I'd find you here.
- She shouldn't have done that.
I'm gonna have to ask you
to leave the property.
Dan, I'm with the IIB.
You come in with me now and
they might take it easy on you.
It's too late for that.
Don't turn around.
Get in there.
(Michelle): Hey.
Anything from Toby?
Nothing.
He left a message saying
that he was going
to follow up on a lead and
now I can't get a hold of him.
Can you put me through to Dev?
- No sooner said than...
- Dev.
Hey. Aren't I supposed to get
a warning before this connects?
I wrote a subroutine
To disable it. I thought things might
get intense and we'd need you fast.
Oh, they're getting intense.
Toby hasn't checked in.
I think that he went to go look
for one of the suspects himself.
Can you track his phone?
Yeah. No problem.
(Beeping)
His cell phone's not registered
on the cell phone network.
It might be turned off.
- That doesn't make any sense.
- Oh, before you go,
I did some digging
into Economic Justice Awareness,
and it is not easy. I mean,
there's no office,
there's no way to contact them.
There's just an anonymous server
- in Russia running a website.
- Do we know who the key players are?
No, no one,
except for Dan Goodwin.
Ok, I'm going to go talk
to Lori Black.
You guys should think
about what you're doing here.
It's the rest of society
that's not thinking.
You know, they call it
the information age.
It seems like the more connected they
are, the stupider they're becoming.
(Man clears his throat.)
You know, it's the rich that are
stealing the best for themselves
and killing everyone else.
You can believe whatever
you want. I don't care.
Get you message out there.
Whatever.
Just don't hurt anybody.
Oh, you have no idea
what we're going to do.
I know what you built
with the parts you stole.
Ugh!
You know, if they really knew anything,
they would have stopped us already.
They wouldn't be perving around
your old girlfriend, right?
Then how would I know how you
got into the bank's computer...
Argh!
How does he know that?
Tell me. How do you know that?
Tell me what you know.
Tell me what you know!
- I'm not gonna play your game!
- My game?
You started this game.
I say when it's done.
(Michelle): Ms. black.
- I told Toby everything I knew.
- Toby never came back.
Where he went has nothing
to do with me.
Well, we believe that
your friend Dan and his group
are involved in some kind
of terrorist activity.
Do you really think they would
have a problem hurting Toby?
I told Toby that Dan was staying
with his stepmom in Kitsilano.
Did you warn Dan
that Toby was coming?
I wasn't thinking.
I didn't
want him to get in trouble.
You're under arrest.
Please...
Toby trusted you.
You're gonna give me the address
of his stepmother
and any other information I need
or life is going to become
very difficult for you.
(Kathy): 222 Pacific. Send
two units to meet us there.
Backup will be here
in five minutes.
(Michelle): We can't wait.
We're going in.
Nothing upstairs.
Nothing down here.
Ok, call forensics.
Maybe we can pull some prints.
We don't know how much
he knows.
- Maybe we should abort the plan.
- He's bluffing.
I mean, he basically got some intel
from someone on the periphery,
but he's basically guessing
our next move.
- So, what are we gonna do with him?
- You know
- what we have to do.
- No. No, no, no. That's not why
- I got into this, man.
- You just stay with him.
- Me?
- Yes.
You're a dead man.
- Kathy?
- I got the report from forensics.
Aside from Dan's prints,
there are three other sets.
One we assume is his stepmom's.
Neither of the others turn up in any
of the criminal databases, but then,
I checked
the US Border Database.
Turns out the subject was
questioned and printed
Crossing into the States.
His name is Rudy Best.
Ok. According
to the university Best attended,
the guy's a certified
dyed-in-the-wool genius.
Unfortunately, he's also arrogant,
angry, and somewhat of a sociopath.
This guy wanted to show
just how smart he was,
so he hacked into
the school's computer system.
He did everything from selling grades
to riddling it with data bombs.
- So, what radicalized him?
- He got caught.
Looks like the head of
the IT department saw
that the system was hacked
and hunted him down.
Samuel Rennie. He got him.
Apparently Rennie had Rudy
thrown out of school
and had his academic
record invalidated.
He also made sure he couldn't get hired
anywhere that Rennie had contacts.
Do we have Rudy's location?
It looks like Best dropped off the face
of the earth about 18 months ago.
I'm still searching,
but he's managed
to erase all traces
of his whereabouts since then.
Don't worry. I've got
sources here. We'll find him.
Lori said you were
a good guy, Dan.
Why are you doing this?
Save your breath.
Are you good
with killing people?
You don't get it, man.
We're waking people up.
They'll thank us.
No, they're gonna put you away.
We got an ID on you
from the warehouse.
We're gonna get
the other guys too.
Yeah? There are sacrifices
that have to be made.
You know the bank took
my house?
Buried me in debt.
I've been working forever
just to break even.
They went to war with us. Now
we're gonna go to war with them.
Ok. That sucks. But this is
not the way we do it.
Don't make me tape
your mouth too.
Can I get some water?
Please.
Fine.
Thanks.
So, I found something more out
about Rudy Best. In university
he was quite active. He was also
a member of the flying club,
and until recently, he kept a
membership at a local flying club.
You think he still has access? He's been
working the thefts across the country.
Well, maybe he's transporting
the equipment by air.
And maybe
it's his escape route.
Ok, I think
we just hit pay dirt.
The phone number for the flying
club came up a number of times
on the call log from the place
where Dan Goodwin was staying.
Call if you get anything.
Lori sent me here to help you
before you got in too deep.
Well, she made a mistake.
What do you, um...
What do you know
about her, anyway?
I hurt her
a long time ago. I don't want to see
her hurt again. I know you think
you're helping people, but this is
not the way that change happens.
Yeah, well, neither is sitting on the couch
while the bank steals all the money.
And how about killing people
with that thing that you built?
Hey!
You want to live,
you shut the hell up.
(Cell phone ringing)
Yeah?
I told you.
No! No, no, no, no! That's not
how we're doing this!
I say how we do it. He has to be taken
care of. He knows what you look like, Dan.
- So I'm gonna take the rap for this?
- What are you, weak?
Look, I trusted you, Dan.
Killing him sends a message.
- That's not the plan!
- This is my plan!
I say how we do it!
Rudy. Damn it!
Special Consultant Logan will
be ok.
- I'm sure of it.
- I hope you're right.
Don't worry. We'll be there
in five minutes.
Hey! Hey!
Come on, man.
Don't make this harder
than it already is.
Hey!
Dan, you're not a killer.
You don't have to do this.
I don't have a choice.
Think about this, Dan.
Drop your weapon!
You ok?
Yeah.
You're looking at attempted
murder of an officer
and suspected acts
of terrorism.
You want to try
to help yourself out here?
You think I'd sell out
the cause?
- That's the only move you have, Dan.
- I won't turn on him.
Banks robbed us of our homes
and our future. These people are
taking from us. Do you
understand? This is your loss.
Every one of you has
lost something.
You mean Rudy Best?
We know about him.
You don't know anything.
We know about the bomb.
We find Rudy,
we save a lot of lives.
Maybe he doesn't even know
about the bomb.
Think that's it?
It's not what they think.
The explosion is just
to energize it.
- Tell us what you know.
- You know,
I think he doesn't know
anything. Look at him,
I wouldn't trust him.
I don't think Rudy trusted him.
Don't tell them.
Don't let them know.
That's it.
You guys are wasting your time.
I want to see a lawyer.
Now.
Yeah. Michelle.
I couldn't get through to him.
I think Rudy's got him
spun around.
Ok, well, I think we should
keep pushing him.
Yeah. I might have got something.
I gotta check with Dev.
I saw more of the device
they were making.
He thought it wasn't the kind of bomb we
would expect, that the explosion is just
to energize the device.
- Ok. Can you describe it?
- Yeah. There were
Coils of wire wrapped around armatures
with a space in the middle.
And the explosives were being
packed on top of the coils?
Yeah.
Ok. This might all be starting
to make sense to me.
How's that?
I've been trying to figure
out what all the stolen
Components could be adding up to, and what
you're describing could well be an EMP.
- What's that?
- An e-bomb.
It uses conventional explosives to amplify
a powerful current from a giant capacitor
turning it into a giant
electromagnet.
The final piece might have been that microwave
transformer they stole a few days ago.
- How much damage can it do?
- The explosives cause
A certain amount
of localized damage,
But if the pulse from the device
is big enough, it could
permanently fry the circuitry of every
electronic device within two or three blocks.
I mean, we're talking cars,
cell phones, computer systems,
but also medical equipment,
police communication,
or emergency services.
It's gonna cause
complete chaos.
We need to find out where
they're planning to set it off.
Hey, Kathy, could you grab me
another coffee?
- On it.
- Right. Thank you.
Dev, look, when I read Rudy,
I saw someone accessing the employee login
screen of the Vancouver Standard Bank.
Ok, there haven't been
any irregularities reported
from the bank, but he could have
woven a very complicated... oh.
- What?
- The head of the IT security
at the bank, it's Samuel Rennie,
the same guy who caught Rudy
hacking the university computer
and got him thrown out.
He's just finished implementing a whole
new IT security protocol at the bank.
- That can't be a coincidence.
- So, this is about revenge.
And people have done far more
for less reason.
If this device is an EMP, then Rudy's going
to have to get it really good and high
in order to get a good spread of
the electromagnetic radiation.
All right, look, the room that I saw
it in had a view of the mountains.
Ok. We think that
the device is in a building
next to the Vancouver
Standard Bank.
There's windows facing north. Do you
have any idea what's around there?
What's the radius?
To be sure they'd take out their
target, I'd say a block, maybe two.
It's looks like there's
three of them
with top-floor
maintenance rooms
with windows facing north.
Give me five minutes.
I'll have access to all of them.
Looks like we got lucky.
I showed the building manager
photos of Rudy. He ID'd Rudy
as the maintenance supervisor
for the last six months.
Manager said he kept the place
running like a top.
What else has he been doing?
- Maybe it's not here.
- This is the place.
(Electronic beeps)
Go around the back.
(Device beeping)
Iib! Put your weapon down!
Hey!
(Gunshot)
- He's dead.
- We're too late.
It's armed.
Dev, it's here
and it's active. We have less
than 33 minutes. Take a look
and tell me what you think.
Show me the whole thing.
I need to see the size of it.
Ok, I figure this device is
on the high end of the estimate,
so it'll take out hospital,
communication hubs,
And half the financial firms
within this radius.
- Can you shut it down?
- I don't know.
I'm good, but this is
way out of my league.
To shut it down,
you're gonna need a code.
Vancouver bomb squad is
on its way,
But it's probably set to go off if
anyone starts tampering with the wiring.
You stay here and work
with emergency services
to evacuate the building.
If time gets short,
get the hell out of here
as quickly as possible.
I've got no problem with that.
Take the cuffs off her.
Can you leave us alone?
Toby. I am so sorry.
I had no idea.
It's ok. Dan and his friends put
a bomb in a building downtown.
I need you to talk to him.
We need to know
where his friend Rudy is.
Can't you take it
out of his head?
Even when people cooperate,
I only get glimpses.
We need someone that he trusts
to help focus him.
We've got less than 30 minutes
before this thing goes off.
A lot of innocent people
will die.
What the hell are you
doing here?
(Door closing)
They arrested me
for helping you.
I didn't mean for it
to happen like this.
They say you made a bomb?
Don't. Don't let them
do this.
Don't let them take advantage
of you like this.
Tell me the truth.
Dan,
tell me how to stop it.
I'm not the one
that can stop it.
(Lori): Then tell me where
the person who can stop it is.
I don't know.
Don't tell them.
Dan, please.
I don't want you
to be a killer.
There's still a way
for this to be ok.
He's in Stanley Park
under the bridge.
He wants to watch the show.
I need a unit to meet us at Stanley
Park across from Coal Harbour.
I'll send a picture of the suspect from the car.
Nobody makes a move until we get there.
(Sirens)
Dev: Kathy, how are you
holding up?
I'm fine. I'm good.
Look, there's less than
10 minutes till it blows, ok?
Even though it's not a conventional bomb,
the amount of explosive in it could take
the top off the building,
so please get yourself far away.
Michelle and Toby said they'd
get the code here on time.
Somebody needs to be here
to get it to the bomb squad.
- Just get out of there.
- I'll be in touch.
(People shouting)
(Police radio chatter)
(Sirens)
Rudy!
On your feet!
Hands where I can see them!
- Ok.
- Turn around.
- You're too late.
- You think so?
Yeah.
We know all about you, Rudy.
You're not an idealist.
This isn't about
punishing the bank, is it?
(Rudy): I've already got
the money offshore.
It'll ruin him.
The money's just a bonus.
This is about revenge
on Samuel Rennie. He destroyed your life, so
you were gonna break his security system.
Steal the money,
crash the bank's system,
move the money through offshore
accounts. Before they even
figured it out, you'd be gone. You just
wanted him to know that you'd beaten him.
You were willing
to hurt all these people
- to get revenge on one man?
- You're crazy.
See, you thought you had me
trapped, man, but I had you.
I was inside your head.
I got the code word.
Stop it.
- I'll never give it up.
- You wanted to keep it
a secret, but even now,
you can't help
- but think about it.
- Stop.
He can't know his name. It's
your enemy's name, isn't it?
This isn't about social justice;
it's about your weak ego.
"Samuel Rennie" is
the code word.
Who the hell are you?
Kathy.
- Michelle, have you got it?
- The code is "Samuel Rennie".
- Are you sure?
- Yes. It's our only shot.
The code is a name. "Samuel
Rennie." R-e-n-n-i-e.
(Soft whirring sound)
It worked.
(Michelle): Ok.
Cut that pretty close.
I want to get Dev his salmon
before we head back.
Let's go.
Ok, so, she's there
staring at what is most
certainly death, and she just
turns around, goes right
back in, and just shuts it down.
Sounds like you have a new fan.
Well, apparently,
he's the head of the fan club.
Kathy, if you ever find yourself out
this way, I've got a job for you.
You never know. I just might
take you up on that.
See you guys
back at the office.
- Seriously, you guys, that was great work.
- It was great to observe you
in action. There's still
some things I'm wondering about,
though, like how you got him
to give up the code.
- It's top secret, right?
- You got it.
(Chuckling)
It was great working with you.
- Same. Thanks, Kathy.
- Thank you.
I think we have enough time to grab
a bite to eat before our flight.
For the record, you were right. I should
have read Lori from the beginning.
Yeah, well, in this job, sometimes you
have to make some tough decisions.
Yeah, I'm beginning
to learn that.
- Can you, uh...
- Yeah.
Thank you.
Didn't they let you go,
like, a while ago?
They did. I, uh,
I just wanted to see you
before I left.
Here I am.
You made a big
difference today.
Toby, if this girl is
the one...
You need to be
honest with her.
You deserve
to be happy.
So do you.
It's good seeing you.
Yeah.
That's almost it. It's close.
That'll work.
He plays one note.
You know what?
Much better when you play it.
Yeah, I think the whole bar
would agree on that, my friend.
(Man): Walk Off The Earth!
- All right, man, thanks.
- We'll see you after the show.
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
Please help yourselves.
You seem to be enjoying
these pretzels. Go ahead.
(Applause and cheering) ♪
♪ I got this old guitar ♪
♪ the strings are rusty
but it's all I need ♪
♪ bring in the kick drum,
it can back the beat ♪
♪ let's gather round
and sing a song ♪
♪ hey ♪
♪ I got a shaker too,
the kind of sound ♪
Life is good, buddy.
Ha! Says the guy who just
fended off an ex-girlfriend
and foiled a terrorist
bomb plot? Come on.
My life is not dull.
- Hey.
- That's a good amber.
- Hey, you made it.
- So, how was Vancouver?
It was, uh, it was a discovery.
What? What do you mean,
a discovery?
Well, um, you gotta deal with your
past in order to move forward.
One day I'm gonna get
a straight answer from you,
and you know, I won't know
what to do with it.
- You want a straight answer?
- Yeah.
Come here.
♪ The song is never done ♪
♪ come on now everyone yeah ♪
♪ come on now everyone ♪
♪ come on everyone ♪
♪ we got this melody ♪
♪ bring in the harmonies
like CSNY ♪
♪ to write a tune you know
will never die ♪
♪ let's gather round
and sing a song ♪
♪ hey, there's no worries
on the earth tonight ♪
♪ we're all walking
off the world tonight ♪
==sync, correction by dcdah==
for www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org